Trigger policy TTL in seconds, also in release-1.1 (#951)
astarte-platform/astarte: CHANGELOG.md

  in payloads).
- [astarte_data_updater_plant] do not leak consumer channels in corner cases.
- [astarte_data_updater_plant] do not leak producer channels in corner cases.

> - [astarte_trigger_engine] TTL in trigger policies is in seconds, not milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [astarte_trigger_engine] Always treat event TTL for trigger policies in seconds, not milliseconds.
```
